Update extractors.md (#351)
actix/actix-website: docs/extractors.md

> It is also possible to extract path information to a type that implements the `Deserialize` trait from `serde` by matching dynamic segment names with field names. Here is an equivalent example that uses `serde` instead of a tuple type.
> 
> It depends on `serde`:
> 
> ```toml
> [dependencies]
> serde = { version = "1.0", features = ["derive"] }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: i think this is a more suitable amendment to the current docs

```suggestion
It is also possible to extract path information to a type that implements the `Deserialize` trait from `serde` by matching dynamic segment names with field names. Here is an equivalent example that uses a deserialization struct using `serde` (make sure to enable its `derive` feature) instead of a tuple type.
```

Reviewer: implemented in 4c563311b67dae62e392a8823539e1ebcf13fa87
